immortality in movies Kings are always
searching for the secret to immortality
but is immortality really a good thing
to a ten-year-old boy one year is the
same as 10 percent of his life to his 40
year old mother one year is merely 2.5
percent of her life the same year 365
days can feel differently to different
people if we live until we're 82 that's
about 30,000 days if this boy lives for
30,000 years a year to him could feel
like a day and if this boy's emotions
sustained through the potential boredom
of living for millions of years he might
become extremely lonely and sad knowing
he has and always will outlive everyone
he has ever loved but what if everyone
were immortal well first off earth is
only so big so where would we all live
excuse me no that's my face oh stop it
that part me Oh tight in here do you
remember what you did last year what
about when you were five how much of
your past have you forgotten if you're
having trouble remembering what you did
when you were five how will you remember
what happened if you were alive a
thousand years ago a million years ago
we don't remember every single detail of
our past because our brains have a
limited capacity and we replace useless
memories like middle school locker
combinations with relevant information
if this immortal boy finds a companion
to fall in love with once every hundred
years he would have 10,000 girlfriends
in a million years and how many of those
10,000 girls names will he be able to
remember this changes what a meaningful
relationship means doesn't it another
tricky thing about immortality human
beings have not always looked the same
this can be explained by Darwin's theory
of evolution for instance if women find
taller men more attractive then more
tall men would mate and have children
putting more tall genes in the gene pool
that means in the next generation more
children will have the genes to be
taller repeat that process for a million
years and the average height will be a
lot taller than the average height today
assuming there's no natural disaster
that wipes out all the tall people
our ancestors were short hairy
we still have body hair but we don't
look like apes anymore if you're the
only person who is immortal while
everyone else keeps evolving generation
after generation you will eventually
look quite different than the people who
surround you hi hi a thorn if one of our
ancestors Apes is still alive today how
many people will make friends with it
instead of calling the Museum of Natural
History
arrghh and one more physical
consideration for immortality scars
after all immortality doesn't
automatically translate to invincibility
it just means you cannot die but it
doesn't guarantee what condition you'll
be alive in so look at your body and
count how many scars you have if you
have made this many permanent scars
within your life imagine how much damage
you would have if you were 1,000 years
old now there are approximately 185,000
amputation related to hospital
discharges every year in the US these
injuries are due to accidents or
illnesses certainly the percentage is
low comparing to the total population if
you only live for a hundred years
however if you've been alive for over 1
million years the odds of still having
all your limbs are pretty slim what
about little accessories like your eyes
your nose your ears fingers or toes what
about your teeth what are the odds of
you keeping your dental health for a
hundred years a thousand years 1 million
years you might end up looking like a
horribly scuffed up mr. Potato Head with
missing pieces and dentures so are you
sure you want to live forever
now which superpower physics lesson will
you explore next shifting body size and
content super speed flight super
strength immortality and invisibility
you